fix(backups): use the snapshot of the source (#9612)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- [REST API] Expose POST `/rest/v0/srs/:id/actions/forget` (PR [#9505](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9505))
- [REST API] Add `POST /hosts/{id}/actions/disable` and `POST /hosts/{id}/actions/enable` endpoints (PR [#9532](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9532))
- [OpenMetrics] Add missing VBD throughput, VBD average latency, and DCMI power consumption metrics (PR [#9563](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9563))

> - [Backup] Fix incremental replication always doing a full hen source and target are in the same pool (PR [#9598](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9598))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backup] Fix incremental replication always doing a full when source and target are in the same pool (PR [#9612](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9612))
```

Reviewer 2: Please note that the PR number is incorrect as well
